Kubewarden and Kubernetes (#536)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2021-10/kubewarden/index.md

---
title: Securing your Kubernetes cluster with Kubewarden
description: Learn how to use custom Kubewarden security policies to restrict resources in your Kubernetes cluster.
author: matthew.casperson@octopus.com
visibility: public
published: 2021-10-05-1400
metaImage: 
bannerImage: 
bannerImageAlt: 125 characters max, describes image to people unable to see it.
isFeatured: false
tags:

>  - Product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - DevOps
```

 - Kubernetes
---

> Kubernetes is fast becoming the operating system of the cloud. Every major cloud provider has a supported Kubernetes platform, Kubernetes can be run on-premises, and Kubernetes even has a package manager with Helm. And thanks to the [operator pattern](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/), Kubernetes can natively describe and manage almost [any kind of workload](https://operatorhub.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes is fast becoming the operating system of the cloud. Every major cloud provider has a supported Kubernetes platform, Kubernetes can be run on-premises, and Kubernetes even has a package manager with Helm. And thanks to the [operator pattern](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/), Kubernetes has built-in support to describe and manage almost [any kind of workload](https://operatorhub.io/).
```
